Week 1 Lesson 1 Homework 1

Blockchain
Discuss in your teams

1. Why is client diversity important for Ethereum
[BJ] Client diversity is important for the following reasons
     a. Resilence to Bugs - A bug in one client implementation 
        should not affect the whole network of nodes, if there is
        a fair diversity in client implementations across the nodes
        then the buggy client can be fixed while the other client
        implmentation continue working.
     b. Dependancy on small teams - To avoid burdening a small team 
        of developers lets say who develop and maintain one implementation
        of the client with all the bug fixing and related downtime.
     c. Resilence to Attacks - An attach on one client should not bring down
        the entire network
     d. Problem with finality - A problem with a client should not 
     	cause the consensus layer from reaching finality, thus leading users to not trust transcations causing major problems in dapps esp. defi.        

2. Where is the full Ethereum state held ?
[BJ] The full ethereum state is held at the data availibility layer in case of a
     modular blockchain or in case of a monolith blockchain its held in the layer1 execution/consensus layer itself. Literaly speaking its held in the local memory of full nodes in the network, all of which is synced as part of the consensus achived. 

3. What is a replay attack ? , which 2 pieces of information can prevent it ?
[BJ] A replay attack is when the same frame or transcation is sent once more or 
     maybe even multiple times, this causes unwanted effects. One way to avoid it to use a unique number called nonce which is used just once in a given session. Another way to avoid it is the use of timestamps.

4. In a contract, how do we know who called a view function ?
[BJ] If the function is called from another contract then the msg.sender
	 variable in the tx data represents the caller's address, in case of a EOA it is the signers address but am not sure.